# CS-250-Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Understanding the client's vision and expectation from the program is crucial in being able to produce a product that is successful. Using requirements provided by the client to create an outline in the form of user stories make implementation of these requirements easier. Getting regular feedback throughout the process, tracking progress and making sure that we adhere to the requirements are all essential and is made easier by creating the user stories which serves as a guide for the team with the easy to follow descriptions and breakdown of the larger requirements. 

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I would approach the development process with a plan and a good understanding of the product. Communicating with the product owner and clients help with understanding the product while planning, tracking progress and regular communication with the team is important throughout the development process. All of the mentioned points are well covered in Agile and using the practices we can guarantee success. Conquering the SDLC phases is made simple using Agile through it's flexibility granted by increamental and iterative development and opportunity to regularly communicate with the team. Processes like Sprint Planning, Backlog grooming, Scrum meetings and Retrospectives are all processes that I plan to incorporate in my future development work.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
In software development, being a good team member comes down to a combination of skills, communication and coraboration. Each memeber should have the skills required to turn the client's vision into reality, they should also be open to communication and always ready to share progress, offer help when needed and take up responsibility when there is a scope. A good team member is someone who believes in collaboration be it when it comes to providing suggestion to making the product better, following best practices and leaving the code base cleaner than when they had started or sharing knowledge.
